       Assignment-03
1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Ans: Functions reduce the need of duplicate code. This makes programs shorter, easier to read, and easier to update. 
2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
Ans: When a function is called the program leaves the current section of code and begins to executive the first line inside the function. 
3. What statement creates a function?
Ans: The "def" Keyword creates a function. 
4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Ans: A function is a piece of code which enhanced the reusability and modularity of your programe. It means a piece of code need not be written again. A function call means inovaking Or calling that function. 
5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
Ans: There is only one global python scope per program execution. 
6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
Ans: When the execution of function returnsreturns, the local variables are destroyed. Codelens helps you to visualize this because the local variables disappear after the function returns. 
7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
Ans: A return is a value that a function returns to the calling function when it completes its task. A return value can be any one of the four variable types: handle, integer, object, or string. The type of value your function returns depends largely on the task it performs.
     In the Python programming language, a user can return multiple values from a function
8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
Ans: If no return statement appears in a function definition, control automatically returns to the calling function after the last statement of the called function is executed. In this case, the return value of the called function is undefined. 
9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
Ans: If we want to refer to a global variable in a function, we can use the global keyword to declare which variables are global. 

10. What is the data type of None?
Ans: The None keyword is used to define a null value, or no value at all. None is not the same as 0, False, or an empty string. None is a data type of its own (NoneType) and only None can be None.
11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
Ans: spam.bacon() 
13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
Ans: When it encounters an error, the control is passed to the except block, skipping the code in between. As seen in the above code, we have moved our code inside a try and except statement. Try running the program and it should throw an error message instead of crashing the program. 
14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
